[DOC-2981] HCE versus Litmuschaos (#1395)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/technical-reference/hce-versus-litmus.md

---
title: Harness Chaos Engineering (HCE) versus LitmusChaos
sidebar_position: 2
---
This section describes the differences between Harness Chaos Engineering (HCE) and the open-source CNCF incubation project, LitmusChaos.

### Chaos management- Basic 

> <table>

Reviewer: For your next iteration of these tables, from a Harness perspective it's better to switch the columns so HCE is to the left of litmus (reverse these two columns), and so the one that has more features/green checkmarks is on the left of the one that has less features/more red Xs. :-)

    <tr>
        <td><b>Feature</b></td>
        <td><b>Litmus</b></td>
        <td><b>HCE (SaaS)</b></td>
    </tr>
   <tr>
        <td>Centralized chaos portal</td>
        <td>✅</td>
        <td>✅</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Chaos hubs</td>
        <td>Public hub</td>
        <td>Enterprise hub</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Chaos metrics to Prometheus</td>
        <td>✅</td>
        <td>✅</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>YAML-based support for chaos experiments</td>
        <td>✅</td>
        <td>✅</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Run chaos faults in parallel</td>
        <td>✅</td>
        <td>✅</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>

>         <td>Experiment pontrol arameters through the tag in the UI</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>Experiment control parameters through the tag in the UI</td>
```
